A game made using the Sphere game engine.

Known Bugs:
    Removing popups 1 at a time. Can only remove them all together? (Refer to functions.js); Potentially by adding an array id to the close link instead of just push/popping
        Possible fix, adding a z-index type thing to the popups/links/callbacks/etc
    Can't remove popups while in a chat with an NPC
    Doors aren't forgiving enough
    Side panel (possibly chat panel too) slows down after switching (potentially caused by not undrawing them [or not undrawing something anyways])
    *potential bug* Problems with deciding who is the enemy when multiple people are attacking
    *potential bug* Might cause problems with more than 1 range or mage animation going at once (i.e. rapid fire)
    *potential bug* Once multiplayer is added, you won't be able to see anyone except your own attack animations (possibly same issue as the bug above this)

Stuff TODO (in order):
    Add a battle system
        Enemies
    Add a "you died" screen

    Add bank system

    Add a questing system
    
    Make shops functional

    Add a title screen
    Add networking (login, levels, etc)
    Add functional chat system
    Add multiplayer
        Multiple people on the map
        Friends list
        Ignore list

    Make a website for the game
    Add a registration/sign-up form (might end up just being a web-page)
    Write a how-to on how to play (potentially in the form of an in-game tutorial)

Stuff TODO (misc.):
    Change npc in chat.npc(npc) to a name (i.e. banker) instead of id
    Write something based on getStringWidth that takes into account \n and only calculates the width of the longest line
    Add styling to text (similar to HTML/BBcode)
    Add a screenPercent() function. Where screenPercent(x, 50) would return an int for 50% of the screens width
    Add scrolling to panels.
    Figure out how to give callbacks params. May possibly be able to do something like funcName(addParams()); where addParams is a for loop.
    Add spritesets for different player classes & genders
    Figure out how to make the game modular, so new features can easily be added
    Figure out how stats are leveled
    Add skills, and how to level them/how they affect the game
    Come up with a name for the game
    Figure out how magic is going to work (spell books, etc)
    Add a right-click meny for items
    Add picking items up (possibly using the mouse, similar to RS. However, this would possibly require pathing and clicking to move...)
    Covert everything to proper OOP (or, as close as I can get with JS)
    Fix inconsistences with code
